it's time to wake up just wake up
it is 3:00 like 50 right now whenever
I'm excited for something I usually can
bounce back really like so I need to get
a lot of my stuff ready to go
so overall guys I'm liking the way my
hair looks it's just
[Music]
going out to the car my good looks like
I just did some shiny and maroon colors
and then I'm wearing this cardian
necklace and these shoes and I
straighten my hair and I decide that I'm
gonna do with it because I think it
looks pretty good
now I'm just gonna finish getting all my
stuff together and head out the door so
we're actually going to southern
Virginia University for an open house
and I'm super excited about it it's
gonna be a lot of fun I've never really
gone on an open now it's a college Ellie
send it back I should tell us what's
nice about your seat in this car
[Music]
I'm have three bucks Hey
I must build this he just started hey
yeah I'm a man can't be myself anymore
yes you can you're just like natural
because like randomly long piece of
lettuce this is the ice holy cow we just
finished up a tour of the campus and
I've been to the campus before for a
camp and we're going to tour the dorm
rooms on this huge show you what you
have to walk up and down there every day
[Laughter]
young single adult dance
their mascot is a knight obviously so
this is the football field we came a
couple years ago for our camp and they
gave us like a mini tour and we came up
here and the football fields actually
weren't complete so it's really cool to
see what they look like now and how
they're all done and they also changed
colors so they used to be green which I
don't really know why because their main
building is maroon by the nature I
really like I have a lot of clothes in
that color it's a sign it fits better
with their campus color and also in
athletics it's proven that people who
wear red the class sizes are super small
and so you get a really great
relationship with your teachers and they
know you personally I'm just used to
that because of the school I go to right
now and so I think switching from where
I go to now to a bigger school where I'm
just one out of however many hundred
students I don't think I would be as
happy as I would be if people actually
knew who I was
so that's my thought of one of the big
reasons that I'd like to go to this
college and then another reason is
because they're centered around my faith
I go to the Church of Jesus Christ of
latter-day saints and there are
guidelines and everything and at the
heart of the school is aligned with the
gospel of Jesus Christ and my church
another awesome thing is that there's a
because the school is smaller so many
more people get an opportunity to play a
sport and do extracurriculars there's
also dance tonight which it's a young
single adults dance which means that all
that young single adults so like the
college students are gonna be there
take me there it's finish of the day
[Music]
it's really cool to us because it's it's
very similar to what we're used to but
it's like on the higher level like they
have a lot of stuff like that a college
would have but it feels a be feeling in
our school I think we're probably more
restrictive in which students can get in
yeah cuz they're trying to gather no one
go ahead well just do your best
yeah just donating do push up we just
made it to our hotel room and brought
our bags in and so now we're just going
to get settled and then we're going to
probably kind of freshen up and hang out
for for a bit cuz so after we're
finished getting freshened up we are
going to go to a play at around 7
o'clock when you'd be there by 7:00 so
right now it's like 4:30 but we just
decided to come back to hotel so that's
the plan
so we
and we would play at the college but
it's starting right now
I'd only because they didn't be sent on
the interview and didn't actually get to
eat it we like it
now we're eating our food in the car
and then we are driving us to back to as
wild to watch the play and then after
that is
you
hey everyone as you can see I am back in
my room and we made the long trip back
home this is the day after I didn't get
any footage of the dance so I'm sorry
about that
but it was a lot of fun it went pretty
until like 11:15 or something so it was
pretty late and I was pardon I'm in not
parking I mean I was just dancing like a
lot so I was really tired and it was
just a late night anyway um it was a lot
of fun and I'm so happy with the school
and what I saw and so I don't know I'm
just excited for the future and wants to
come in the next couple of years so I
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
did don't forget to give it a thumbs up
because it really supports my channel
and give a comment if you have any
questions about what I saw as well as
I'm subscribing if you aren't subscribed
already I just don't think you let's
again for watching and I'll see you next
time bye
[Music]